.github/README.md, before:

# My Dotfiles

<div align="center">
    <img src="images/screenshot-1.png" width="600"><br/>
    <img src="images/screenshot-2.png" width="400" style="display: inline-block">
    <img src="images/screenshot-3.png" width="400" style="display: inline-block">
</div><br/>

My Hyprland and Neovim configuration files.

## Installation

The expected use case is an Arch Linux installation with Sudo setup for the user account. Then follow the following steps:

1. Run setup script with:

   ```
   bash <(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mcttn22/dotfiles/refs/heads/main/.github/setup.sh)
   ```

2. Select "Hyprland" as the session (not "Hyprland (uwsm-managed)")

3. Apply the following manual configurations:

    1. Replace the monitor name in ~/.config/hypr/hyprland.conf and ~/.config/hypr/hyprpaper.conf with the name outputted by `hyprctl monitors all`

    2. Set the home and lockscreen wallpapers by creating the following symlinks:

      - ```
        ln -s path-to-image ~/Pictures/home-wallpaper
        ```

      - ```
        ln -s path-to-image ~/Pictures/lock-screen-wallpaper
        ```

    3. Set the SDDM wallpaper with the following:

      - ```
        sudo cp -L ~/Pictures/lock-screen-wallpaper /usr/share/sddm/themes/Sugar-Candy/Backgrounds/
        ```

      - Then change the Background configuration in /usr/share/sddm/themes/Sugar-Candy/theme.conf.user to:

        ```
        Background="Backgrounds/lock-screen-wallpaper"
        ```

    4. Add `--location` flag with a value (e.g. Postcode) to `wttrbar` command in ~/.config/waybar/config.jsonc for accurate weather

    5. Apply changes with `sudo systemctl restart sddm`

    *Note: Some applications such as Discord appear pixelated on Wayland unless you add the `--enable-features=UseOzonePlatform --ozone-platform=wayland` flag to their executable. This can be done by adding a desktop entry with the flag to ~/.local/share/applications/*

## Updating

You can stay up to date with the latest configuration by running `dotfiles pull`

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Max Cotton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

doc: Add sddm updates instructions to README.md

.github/README.md, after:

# My Dotfiles

<div align="center">
    <img src="images/screenshot-1.png" width="600"><br/>
    <img src="images/screenshot-2.png" width="400" style="display: inline-block">
    <img src="images/screenshot-3.png" width="400" style="display: inline-block">
</div><br/>

My Hyprland and Neovim configuration files.

## Installation

The expected use case is an Arch Linux installation with Sudo setup for the user account. Then follow the following steps:

1. Run setup script with:

   ```
   bash <(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mcttn22/dotfiles/refs/heads/main/.github/setup.sh)
   ```

2. Select "Hyprland" as the session (not "Hyprland (uwsm-managed)")

3. Apply the following manual configurations:

    1. Replace the monitor name in ~/.config/hypr/hyprland.conf and ~/.config/hypr/hyprpaper.conf with the name outputted by `hyprctl monitors all`

    2. Set the home and lockscreen wallpapers by creating the following symlinks:

      - ```
        ln -s path-to-image ~/Pictures/home-wallpaper
        ```

      - ```
        ln -s path-to-image ~/Pictures/lock-screen-wallpaper
        ```

    3. Set the SDDM wallpaper with the following:<br/><br/>

      - ```
        sudo cp -L ~/Pictures/lock-screen-wallpaper /usr/share/sddm/themes/Sugar-Candy/Backgrounds/
        ```

      - Then change the Background configuration in /usr/share/sddm/themes/Sugar-Candy/theme.conf.user to:

        ```
        Background="Backgrounds/lock-screen-wallpaper"
        ```

    4. Add `--location` flag with a value (e.g. Postcode) to `wttrbar` command in ~/.config/waybar/config.jsonc for accurate weather

    5. Apply changes with `sudo systemctl restart sddm`

    *Note: Some applications such as Discord appear pixelated on Wayland unless you add the `--enable-features=UseOzonePlatform --ozone-platform=wayland` flag to their executable. This can be done by adding a desktop entry with the flag to ~/.local/share/applications/*

## Updating

You can stay up to date with the latest configuration by running `dotfiles pull`

*Note: To apply SDDM theme configuration updates, you have to run ```sudo cp ~/.config/sddm/themes/Sugar-Candy/theme.conf /usr/share/sddm/themes/Sugar-Candy/theme.conf.user```*

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Max Cotton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
